In this clip we're going to take a look at best practices,
planning our core infrastructure.
Now this will involve a lot of extra work,
but you'll be really secure and really happy you followed these best practices.
They're just not my best practices, they're Amazon's best practices.
So let's go.
Planning my VPC architecture, what should I look out for?
Well how many VPCs do you need?
What are your present and future needs?
Are you growing?
Are you a very small company?
Are you just testing things out?
You've got to plan for the future.
Once I've got my present and future needs worked out, what do I need?
Public, public/private, just private?
Do I need private hardware VPN?
Private software VPN?
Is there some hardware, software smarts I need to bone up on?
What external connection type is needed if at all?
Do I need security or do I need security and speed?
Meaning do I need an IPsec VPN or maybe I'm looking at a direct access.
When we plan our CIDR blocks, how many IP addresses are needed?
Don't sell yourself short, after all,
these are private IP addresses we're controlling.
Amazon pretty well controls the public side,
in the pool you can assign elastic IP addresses that you
purchase that are part of your account.
So you've got to figure all that out.
Do we need connectivity with an external data center?
Then I've got to find out what I'm doing on that data center and ensure I
have a seamless connection from on-prem into Amazon.
I've got to make sure that my range doesn't overlap with my
on-prem data center and I don't want my ranges overlapping if
I'm going to be doing peering as well.
Now we should also isolate what we're doing according to our use case.
So when we're looking at VPCs, production,
staging, development, whatever your needs are.
Make sure you have separate VPCs.
Now here's a theory for you, should you create one VPC with separate subnets,
public/private, with security isolated network groups for production,
staging, and development?
If you say yeah, I should do something like that.
You should deploy your VPCs using automation, using CloudFormation.
This would allow you to quickly rebuild or deploy networks in
multiple regions exactly the same way every single time.
When securing your VPC components, use a firewall,
a virtual appliance, you know.
Now you can take this a couple of different ways.
I can use the Amazon built in components,
you probably will have no issue with setting up security groups,
after all we have to do it and when we're setting up NACLs,
it's a pretty standard way of setting up security at the subnet level.
But maybe you've got a virtual appliance that you really know, you can use that.
This class is focused on Amazon components,
there's lots of third party virtual appliances in the
marketplace that you can deploy.
Should you consider using intrusion prevention virtual appliances to
monitor the traffic in your VPC for extra protection.
Again, anything in a VM will run just fine in a VPC.
Consider encrypting the root and additional EBS volumes.
For sure configure IAM management policies.
Of course use Cloud Trail to monitor the instances in the VPC environment.
Install antivirus software on EC2 instances that are hosted on the VPC,
especially if they have public access.
Deploy security groups and NACLs, of course.
When we're checking what we're building,
remember there are hard and soft limits.
So understand and review the hard and soft limits for
the VPCs that you're designing.
These limitations are in effect for security groups, route tables and subnets.
So you should take a look at those limits and if you need increases,
it's easier to start off asking for an increase based on your design,
ensuring that your design will not be affected by those limitations.
If you think there's going to be limitations,
request increases in the soft limits.
So again, thinking long term.
If I'm working with VPCs, I want to be using IAM policy,
so we want to ensure that the IAM policies for allowing or denying
access are attached only to groups or to roles,
and of course, designed with the least access principal in mind.
When we're designing with security, we want to think, we want to be wise.
So security groups for the EC2 instance,
security groups or white listing, NACLs for blacklisting at the subnet level.
Create different security groups for different tiers of your infrastructure.
So you're organized and it makes sense and you can watch the flow from
the web to the application to the database tier.
Standardize your security group naming conventions to avoid errors.
Easy to overlook once you get multiple people working on administration,
you want a common set of rules.
Everything should be in a private subnet with the exception of elastic load
balancing or monitoring solutions in the public subnets.
If I'm going to be connecting externally to Amazon,
I want to ensure that that internet gateway is set up properly.
So don't add the internet gateway to the main routing table,
minimize the use of the internet gateway through custom route tables.
Minimize the subnet size that's utilizing NAT or internet facing proxy services.
Pay attention to the details, who has access,
who's coming in, what devices are in use,
where are they sitting?
We talked about peering and it's a consideration if I
need connectivity to use VPC peering.
So a couple of examples for you, if I'm a large enterprise organization,
I have multiple VPCs in a single region with
applications that need connectivity.
Peering is really going to help me out.
Maybe you're a large enterprise with different AWS
accounts for different departments.
Maybe you need peering with external partners and suppliers.
Maybe you need peering with cloud brokers that provide monitoring,
orchestration management services to your AWS resources.
If one of these examples fits you,
ensure that the route tables for your VPC peering are designed for least access.
So that's a number of best practices to measure your AWS resources against.
So time to wrap up.
In this module we looked at securing EC2 instances.
We looked at dedicated instances and hosts.
We looked at Amazon machine instances.
We looked at security choices for instances.
We looked at securing EBS volumes.
We looked at VPC security.
We looked at design criteria for our VPCs and we ended off with some
best practices when planning our core infrastructure.
Thank you very much for hanging in through this module.
Up next, securing access to edge locations. Hope to see you on the edge.